well howdy there internet people let's
bow again so today we've got to talk
about an incident out of Tennessee and
we've got to talk about it because it
seems like it the people involved are
trying to sweep it under the rug and
downplay it we can't let that happen and
it's not because I think that people
involved need their careers destroyed I
think there were mistakes made but
nobody got hurt it's a teachable moment
we can we can learn from this you know
when one of these incidents happens we
always look back and say look at all the
warning signs about this particular
incident we don't do it on a national
level this is a national warning sign
and we can learn from it we can make
changes before people get hurt so what
happened to 18 year olds broke into a
school whereupon they stole an ar-15 and
two vests nothing else was taken that
says a lot about the intent involved
here there was a lockdown triggered
administration officials are currently
saying but students weren't in danger
yes they were just because now you know
the intent was something other than that
they were in danger at the time you
didn't know that you have to err on the
side of caution you have to err on the
side of caution
at the moment it was gone
students were in danger you have to act
as though that's the case because you
don't know unless you have them in
custody unless you have the suspects in
custody parents weren't notified that
needs to happen that needs to happen no
matter how embarrassing it is that needs
to happen they can make the decision
whether or not to send their kid to
school and your ball they may not send
their kid to school for no reason so
what if there is an incident you want
wess kids there they don't know how the
suspects got past the gun safe okay well
let me help you out there if it was a
real gun safe and you're looking at it
right now and there's no way to know how
they got past it
well that's probably because it wasn't
locked or they knew the code there
aren't a lot of 18 year old kids that
can bypass something like that without
leaving a lot of evidence my guess
though is that we're not talking about a
real gun safe are we we're talking about
a Pelican case or maybe one of those
aluminum school storage lockers if they
can be defeated with this the weapons
not secured now what you're saying had
is it was locked as evidenced by the
weapon winding up into 18 year old kids
hands it wasn't secured there needs to
be changes 80% of the weapons used in
these incidents are are taken from
someone else they're taken from a family
member or they're stolen like this 80
percent this needs to be addressed you
also need to come clean about what was
taken an ar-15 and two vests okay so I'm
guessing an ar-15 a Kevlar vest and a
tactical vest right
and in that tactical vest what was there
a bunch of magazines and ammo they got
everything they needed in this incident
so just from that
what's an immediate solution to that
three ar-15 mags not terribly heavy
right they make pouches keep the weapon
and a gun safe keep the ammo on you it's
that simple it's that simple
these can be easy fixes
now from the other side of the coin here
I've seen a lot of quotes from people
who have bought into their own
propaganda and that makes you completely
ineffective one of the questions well
why was there an ar-15 there is that the
best weapon to use for something like
this
no no they should have mp5 but they're
not going to train with them if you give
it to them and they don't know how to
use them so an ar-15 is probably your
best bet because it's the most popular
rifle in the United States that's why it
gets used so much it's the most popular
rifle in the United States they already
know how to use them my understanding
was that this was the deputy's personal
weapon which is also very common a lot
of sheriff's departments aren't really
well-funded and the weapons and money
they get through DoD it gets earmarked
or the sheriff just decided it has to go
to the the SWAT team rather than the
school resource officers now I want to
read quote if you are in a situation
where you trying to take out a bad guy
and there are kids everywhere I would
think that you would want the most
precise weapon possible and not one that
was designed by the military to kill
them even if you Nick them don't believe
your own propaganda this is from a
anti-gun violence advocate don't believe
your own propaganda because now anybody
that knows about firearms is looking at
you like your opinion is worthless at
the range is that a school shooting
takes place at yeah an ar-15 it's pretty
precise I mean it's gonna go the bullets
are gonna go where where the rifle tells
it to it is pretty precise and know it
isn't designed to kill someone even if
you Nick them that's just not true
that's not true the ar-15 is going to be
what most commonly comes to rescue those
kids so you need to stop demonizing it
and understand it's a tool it can be
used either way most times when
Sheriff's Department shows up that's
what's in their hands are there better
weapons out there yeah but they're more
expensive and they don't know how to use
them because they never trained with
them this they had one because it's the
most popular rifle in the United States
it's stuff like this that kills
common-sense gun control this kind of
propaganda because then a shooter
somebody who knows about guns they're
not gonna listen to anything else you
have to say no an ar-15 isn't the best
but it's the best you're gonna get
realistically that's the best you're
gonna get so common sense from this
point real gun safes because I got a
feeling it wasn't a real gun safe we
don't know because they won't come clean
and as far as that goes
SROs please school resource officers
keep your ammo on you you're gonna go to
your weapon anyway to get it keep your
ammo on you that way there's no way the
kid can grab it some kid can get into
your office and it's shown that it can
happen get your rifle and start shooting
keep your ammo on you it doesn't take
long to slap that magazine in and
chamber it you're gonna spend more time
than that putting on all your cool Molly
gear anyway
gun safes real gun safes keep the ammo
on you that's what we can learn from
this and that could save lies if these
were shooters they wouldn't have known
because by the time the school resource
officer gets there they could already
start it anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night